c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe.config
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.pdb
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe
c:\users\t-cakreb.redmond\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.pdb
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\ClassLibrary1Shared.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\ClassLibrary1Shared.pdb
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe.config
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.pdb
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\ClassLibrary1Shared.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\ClassLibrary1Shared.pdb
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.exe
C:\Users\t-cakreb.REDMOND\projectCookie\CookieCache\Application8\Stateful1\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.pdb
